= Redmine Kanban Plugin

The Redmine Kanban plugin is used to manage issues according to the Kanban system of project management.

== Features

* Global Kanban page showing the status of issues across projects
* Multiple "Panes" to show the lifecycle of an issue
  * Incoming Pane
  * Unstaffed Backlog pane
  * Quick Tasks pane - issues without a time estimate
  * Selected Tasks - Manager prioritized list
  * Active Staffed Requests - issues in progress
  * Testing Staffed Requests - issues awaiting testing
  * Finished Requests
* Updates to Kanban view are saved to the issues
  * Issue status
  * Issue assignment
  * Issue start date

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be downloaded from {Little Stream Software}[https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/projects/redmine-kanban/files] or from {GitHub}[http://github.com/edavis10/redmine-kanban]

== Installation and Setup

1. Install the aasm gem: sudo gem install aasm
2. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins  Make sure the plugin is installed to +vendor/plugins/redmine_kanban+
3. Run the plugin migrations +rake db:migrate_plugins+
4. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)
5. Login and configure the plugin (Administration > Plugins > Configure).  See below for the recommend approach.
6. Click the Kanban link in the top left menu

== Usage

=== Recommended configuration

The Kanban plugin uses 7 sets of lists, referred to panes:

* Incoming - New
* Unstaffed Backlog - Approved
* Quick Tasks
* Selected Tasks - Selected
* Active Staffed Requests - In Progress
* Testing Staffed Requests - Resolved
* Finished Requests - Complete

Each pane (except Quick Tasks) needs to be associated with a Issue Status.  The recommended statuses are above but you can customize them as needed.  The Staffed panes (Active, Testing, Finished) also require choosing a Role to use.  Any user with this Role will have their own personal set of panes created on the Kanban page.

Quick tasks will pull in the highest priority issues from the Backlog that don't have an estimate.  This is useful when someone has a limited amount of time but wants to finish something, like when it's 4:30pm on a Friday afternoon.

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer on the bug tracker located at  https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com

